problem and context:

Context and Problem justification

Unable to identify the most sold products
Identifying the mostly sold product to help focus
on the quantity to be produced for at a specific
time and place

Unable to increase sales at the right store
Identifying the store where demande is at the peak
will obtimise managment and hence personel
effectiveness

Unable to increase sales at the right time
Identifying the time where demande is at the peak
will obtimise managment and hence personel
effectiveness

INDIVIDUAL SALES PRODUCTIVITY IS TOO LOW
Little or too much productivity for a prescribed sale

Absence of online ads at the right time
Increasing adversing at the right time will increase sales


Methodology:
3 pillars for the
Methodology

Data exploration and analysis

Here we will start with the exploration of the data and
getting rid of useless rows and columns before
jumping into the data analysis

Model prediction

Here we will demonstrate the two models we used in order to predict sales of the year 2023 and 2024- Linear Regression Model
- Polynomial Regression Model

Hypothesis check
Here we will veriy our hypothesis :
H1 : Most of our sold items are cheap items !H2 : Most of the sold items are combined sales !


Analysis Question:

Question 1: What was the best month for sales and how
much was earned that month?
• Question 2: What city sold the most product?
• Question 3: What time should we display advertisements
to maximize like hood of customer’s buying product?
• Question 4: What products are most often sold together?
Question 5: What Product Sold the most? Why do you
think it sold the most?


Presentation:
What is the input of the model you used?

what is the best model you  got?



What was the main challenge you faced ? The main challenge i face was that I had never used python nrh jupyter
notebook before, so chosing a good data set was troubelsome as, the chosen was data only for one year









References
https://github.com/AlexTheAnalyst


you can see the stopid that deserts the most sub-city, and the sub-city that receives at least one or more different stopids



Make a relationship between the office polygons generated in Qgis, the original stop ids with high and little entry and exist
and also, with the time of high demande and the points attracting more demande.